---
layout: post
title:  "Map"
date:   2023-03-10 15:56:47 +0100
categories: jekyll update
permalink: /map/
---

<script src="/assets/js/leaflet-providers.js"></script>
Quick Access: RWTH Aachen University. Universität Bremen. TU Chemnitz. Clausthal University of Technology. TU Darmstadt. Technische Universität Dresden. University of Duisburg-Essen. Universität Hamburg


<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/leaflet.css" />
<script src="/assets/js/leaflet.js"></script>



<div id="map" style="height: 400px;"></div>


<script src="/assets/js/map.js"></script>



## RWTH Aachen University
Media Computing Group
Jan Borchers – hci.rwth-aachen.de

At the Media Computing Group, headed by Prof. Dr. Jan Borchers, we work in Human-Computer Interaction. We develop and study new interaction theories, techniques, and systems in areas like personal digital fabrication and personal design, tangible, mobile, and wearable user interfaces, interactive textiles, multitouch tables and interactive surfaces, augmented reality, and visual coding environments. Our goal is to make the Brave New World of interactive technologies useful by making it usable. Since starting in October 2003, we have become one of Germany’s best-published research groups at CHI, the premier international academic conference in the field.


## Universität Bremen

Digital Media Lab, TZI
Rainer Malaka – tzi.de

CGVR, TZI
Gabriel Zachmann – tzi.de

The Center for Computing Technologies (TZI) at the University of Bremen conducts research at the core of a massive societal trend: The digital revolution, which affects all areas of our lives. Important research questions include: What kind of technologies will we have in 10 to 20 years? How can we make sure that they will be safe, dependable, and beneficial for society? And most of all: How can technology serve humans–instead of replacing them? TZI has conducted research in these areas since its foundation in 1995, working on approximately 120 projects per year. One main goal is to transfer results from basic research to industry as quickly as possible in order to generate the greatest benefits for society.
